Much better Pro docs (#4263)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/getting-started/zenml-pro/self-hosted.md

#### ZenML Pro Client Artifacts

> If you're planning on running containerized ZenML pipelines, or using other containerization related ZenML features, you'll also need to access the public ZenML client container image located [in Docker Hub at `zenmldocker/zenml`](https://hub.docker.com/r/zenmldocker/zenml). This isn't a problem unless you're deploying ZenML Pro in a Self-hosted environment, in which case you'll also have to copy the client container image into your own container registry. You'll also have to configure your code to use the correct base container registry via DockerSettings (see the [DockerSettings documentation](https://docs.zenml.io/how-to/customize-docker-builds) for more information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're planning on running containerized ZenML pipelines, or using other containerization related ZenML features, you'll also need to access the public ZenML client container image located [in Docker Hub at `zenmldocker/zenml`](https://hub.docker.com/r/zenmldocker/zenml). This isn't a problem unless you're deploying ZenML Pro in an air-gapped environment, in which case you'll also have to copy the client container image into your own container registry. You'll also have to configure your code to use the correct base container registry via DockerSettings (see the [DockerSettings documentation](https://docs.zenml.io/how-to/customize-docker-builds) for more information).
```

The original text was actually correct here.
